Input documentation (#8)
elastic/integration-input-docs-temp: aws-cloudwatch.md

## Setup

Set up a [CloudWatch Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-invocation-logging.html#setup-cloudwatch-logs-destination) destination.

To access aws-cloudwatch, these [specific AWS permissions](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-aws-cloudwatch.html#_aws_permissions) are required.

### Collecting logs from CloudWatch

> When collecting logs from CloudWatch is enabled, users can retrieve logs from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the log collection from CloudWatch is enabled, you can retrieve logs from
```
